generators/documentation-generator-sqlscript/README.md, before:

# Documentation Generator SQL Scripts

This generator can generate sql files containing create tables, indexes and views.

## Configuration

To use the sql generator, you must configure it with `dk.fust.docgen.sqlscript.SqlScriptConfiguration`

| Setting           | 	Type      | Description                                        | Default   |
|-------------------|-------------|----------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| documentationFile | File        | Location of the documentation file                 |           |
| destination       | Destination | Where to send the generated documentation          |           | 
| filter            | String      | If specified, only tables with this filter is used |           | 

## Model usage

This generator uses these fields in [Documentation](../../documentation-generator-api/src/main/java/dk/fust/docgen/model/Documentation.java)

```
Documentation
├── schemaName
├── generation
│   ├── generateIdDataType
│   ├── generateId
│   ├── addCreatedAt
│   ├── columnNameCreatedAt
│   ├── addUpdatedAt
│   ├── columnNameUpdatedAt
│   └── triggerForUpdates
└── tables
    ├── generation (same sub fields as above)
    ├── name
    ├── comment
    ├── tags
    ├── createTableScript
    ├── fields
    │   ├── name
    │   ├── comment
    │   ├── dataType
    │   ├── foreignKey
    │   │   ├── tableName
    │   │   ├── columnName
    │   │   └── enforceReference
    │   ├── primaryKey
    │   ├── unique
    │   ├── nullable
    │   ├── defaultValue
    │   └── check
    ├── views
    │   ├── name
    │   └── sql 
    └── indexes
        ├── name
        ├── unique
        └── fields
```

---

## Examples

### gradle.build

```groovy
import dk.fust.docgen.sqlscript.SqlScriptConfiguration
import dk.fust.docgen.destination.DirectoryDestination

new SqlScriptConfiguration(
        documentationFile: new File(projectDir, 'documentation.yml'),
        destination: new DirectoryDestination(
                directory: new File('scripts'),
                createParentDirectories: true
        )
)
```

### generator-configuration.yml

```yaml
- className: dk.fust.docgen.sqlscript.SqlScriptConfiguration
  documentationFile: documentation.yml
  destination:
    className: dk.fust.docgen.destination.DirectoryDestination
    directory: scripts
    createParentDirectories: true
```

## Demo

Check the demo in [demo-sqlscript](../../demos/demo-sqlscript)

Commit message:

Explicit that it's currently only generating sql scripts for Postgres

generators/documentation-generator-sqlscript/README.md, after:

# Documentation Generator SQL Scripts

This generator can generate sql files containing create tables, indexes and views.

## Configuration

To use the sql generator, you must configure it with `dk.fust.docgen.sqlscript.SqlScriptConfiguration`

| Setting           | 	Type       | Description                                        | Default  |
|-------------------|-------------|----------------------------------------------------|----------|
| documentationFile | File        | Location of the documentation file                 |          |
| destination       | Destination | Where to send the generated documentation          |          | 
| filter            | String      | If specified, only tables with this filter is used |          |
| sqlDialect        | SqlDialect  | SQL Dialect that the sql scripts are generated in  | POSTGRES |

## Model usage

This generator uses these fields in [Documentation](../../documentation-generator-api/src/main/java/dk/fust/docgen/model/Documentation.java)

```
Documentation
├── schemaName
├── generation
│   ├── generateIdDataType
│   ├── generateId
│   ├── addCreatedAt
│   ├── columnNameCreatedAt
│   ├── addUpdatedAt
│   ├── columnNameUpdatedAt
│   └── triggerForUpdates
└── tables
    ├── generation (same sub fields as above)
    ├── name
    ├── comment
    ├── tags
    ├── createTableScript
    ├── fields
    │   ├── name
    │   ├── comment
    │   ├── dataType
    │   ├── foreignKey
    │   │   ├── tableName
    │   │   ├── columnName
    │   │   └── enforceReference
    │   ├── primaryKey
    │   ├── unique
    │   ├── nullable
    │   ├── defaultValue
    │   └── check
    ├── views
    │   ├── name
    │   └── sql 
    └── indexes
        ├── name
        ├── unique
        └── fields
```

---

## Examples

### gradle.build

```groovy
import dk.fust.docgen.sqlscript.SqlScriptConfiguration
import dk.fust.docgen.destination.DirectoryDestination

new SqlScriptConfiguration(
        documentationFile: new File(projectDir, 'documentation.yml'),
        destination: new DirectoryDestination(
                directory: new File('scripts'),
                createParentDirectories: true
        )
)
```

### generator-configuration.yml

```yaml
- className: dk.fust.docgen.sqlscript.SqlScriptConfiguration
  documentationFile: documentation.yml
  destination:
    className: dk.fust.docgen.destination.DirectoryDestination
    directory: scripts
    createParentDirectories: true
```

## Demo

Check the demo in [demo-sqlscript](../../demos/demo-sqlscript)
